Doc explains normalization full-refresh implications (#6097)
airbytehq/airbyte: docs/quickstart/set-up-a-connection.md

If you have any questions at all, please reach out to us on [Slack](https://slack.airbyte.io/). We’re still in alpha, so if you see any rough edges or want to request a connector you need, please create an issue on our [Github](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte) or leave a thumbs up on an existing issue.

Thank you and we hope you enjoy using Airbyte.

{% hint style="warning" %}

> At the moment Airbyte runs a full-refresh to recreate the final tables. This can cause more costs in some destinations like Snowflake, Redshidt, Bigquery.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the moment, Airbyte runs a full-refresh to recreate the final tables. This can cause more costs in some destinations like Snowflake, Redshift, and BigQuery.
```

> To understand better what sync mode select and frequency you need read [this](../understanding-airbyte/connections/README.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To understand better what sync mode and frequency you should select, read [this doc](../understanding-airbyte/connections/README.md).
```

> There is a FAQ section explaining better the cost issue [here](../faq/data-loading.md#why-my-final-tables-are-being-recreated-everytime)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is a FAQ section that more extensively explains the cost issue [here](../faq/data-loading.md#why-my-final-tables-are-being-recreated-everytime).
```
